who lives in a pineapple under the sea
stop it punch Bob Patrick Squidward mr.
Krabs point to sandy everybody else who
lives in a pineapple under the sea stop
it be amazed with the adventures they
face coming on the mckinney bottom with
me and one question they always ask who
lives in a pineapple under the sea o
beings could return when I thought so
then I said to the sea mollusk huh what
hurt yeah but I said to the idiotic
sponge huh shut up hey new guys man
they're testing out my new invention
while it depends what does I know what
vention do well it will switch your
brain so you can live in the other
person's body so spongebob could see her
is to being me and then I can annoy him
while being in here's Bonnie yes all
right Warren all right you're ready
all right you can get out now
didn't work hey Zandi how's it going
beautiful day isn't it
hey what's wrong with my voice Eureka it
worked I'm pretty sure you know what
this place is good yeah so I'd like a
triple krabby patty with like cheese
sponge Brown prime power with Cheers
oh right screech I don't eat bacon
krabby patty with cheese and I'm gonna
happen laughs and then we're gonna add
like magical pony hey Arnie Arnie Arnie
Arnie Jana
I'm sorry about my father he's an office
medication
ah what's the unmanly thing scooter does
after work
is it a mailman no no no scooter hates
me like oh wait because we always take
it from is it's why no man no squirt or
hates helping people plus I don't think
the mass could fit on his head yeah yeah
that's definitely not it I got it it's
synchronized dancing now where's that
key
oh that's right I'm spongebob I don't
have the key
are you spongebob are you ready for
jellyfish fields we've been planning it
for months of course not Patrick
remember you said you wanted to go
synchronized dancing not jellyfishing
huh well I'd probably say something
there's dormice dad but I don't like
synchronized dancing so you can go
hey I'd like to take this lesson please
oh hey sorry only people that have
signed up can dance and I don't think
you're signed up a one but you a one two
three four
it's alright it's alright yeah how do
you know my moves even ever been to this
class and the big city
front row watch my knee pants and since
you did buy their pants won't you buy me
those ones they're so unfashionable
hey Jean you were ready to switch back
yeah well you see the machine ran out of
your brain iam so I need some money get
some more preferably someone small and
fast so they can get it quickly
why are you looking at me
well since you're on my Bonnie you fit
their requirements since you're small
and fast
well it doesn't matter because I don't
care what you say I am NOT going I don't
even know how you guys tricked me into
this one scored where no one cares just
go and get us some uranium fine I hate
you guys
ah I don't even think half the people
could bikini bottom no uranium is I'll
never find a place
uranium + uranium products oh I guess I
just did find a place
that's all ugly Just My Luck
huh actually I'm gonna test my luck I
bet the guy that owns this is a
billionaire and is very fancy
hey kid why are you waiting here oh I'm
just waiting for the owner of the shop
yeah well you're looking at him
looks harder sauce oh this is gonna be
easy it's so easy Bank Squidward I mean
seriously how hard could it be to be
Squidward hey Squidward yeah you stink
yeah hey guys so hurt for her hey
Squidward haha yeah suck it up and be a
man this is a shop don't worry I'll turn
the light down lights on
this is the only rhenium we have left
I sold the rest of it to some squirrel
named that Shelly or Sally or something
like that
well what a coincidence I'm taking the
uranium to my friend Sandi's the
squirrel wow what a coincidence
now watch this turnstile on I'm gonna
turn it off now since I'm selling it
anyways
turnstile off so how much is it $99.99
plus one cent tax all right here you
all right it's good rude I got the
uranium and whoa what happened to me all
right sandy here's the uranium you
wanted thank you now I could put it in
the bigger pile of uranium I already
have what if you have uranium why'd you
make me go get some well I didn't have
enough money when I went there to buy
all of it so I made you go get some and
the machine doesn't even run on uranium
so I had to get beaten up by 14 people
just so scruncho get uranium you didn't
even need yeah but you learned a very
valuable lesson that scooter is a hard
life and you should really stop
bothering him all the time yeah but that
wasn't even your intentions just
switches back
get it work saying hey I'm gonna kill
you for what you did yeah it did work